Hello guys will come back in this video we will install all the important dependencies and import them
in a new raw file which will call SALIR.
Yes.
So just go ahead and do it.
First of all we need to install a couple of dependencies first.
So go to your terminal and you want to stop this server and 22:00 install it.
Yes.
OK.
Monitor monitor us tree and dash dash
so now it is at.
It has finished install.
So we go back to Visual Studio and we want to cut this and let's go two routes and create a new file
and Graeme Celadon Yes they want a PC here right.
Now we want to import all the events.
So months or we're
importing the product because we wind up with a properly run.
So models product that we want to upload.
I mean sorry we want to import all the important dependencies like icons has wire.
Yes that's the key.
And then the next thing is icons monitor Walter
does the war
on us treat us as free access evil will be sworn in this year.
And when will the Secret Service be.
Now we can actually do more to so we us as the case is a library for communicating with our services.
In our case it is as tree and that the Nexus mulcher is a library to upload images and then multi-entry
is a library to upload directly to our street.
And finally in order for us to communicate with our story bucket we need to put the access key ID and
as well as the secret key.
Finally we want to export this file format
and then you want to go to server.
Yes.
Again you want to or some other daddy yes.
Copy this.
And you want to change it.
I shall enter this dog cool.
It is a video we have set up configuration so that we could use the library to upload our product picture
in the next video.
We will create an upload function.
So I'll see you guys in the next video.